This folder contains data to test the segAdaptor tool. 

The data used for this demo are 3T MRI from Alzheimer.s Disease Neuroimaging 
Initiative (ADNI, www.loni.ucla.edu/ADNI). The data set used here contains 
139 images (57 controls and 82 mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients). 

The folder, ADNI3T, contains manual segmentations of the hippocampus produced 
by our manual rater, Murat Altinay MD. Each segmentation is named after the 
subject's ID. For instance, ADNI3T/002_S_0413_manual_L.nii.gz is the manual 
segmentation of the left side hippocampus for subject 002_S_0413 and 
ADNI3T/002_S_0413_manual_R.nii.gz contains the manual segmentation of the 
right side hippocampus for the same subject.

The folders ADNI3T/CV01, ..., ADNI3T/CV05, contain 5 cross-validation 
experiments used in our experiment, respectively. Each folder contains 
automatic segmentations produced by a multi-atlas based segmentation method 
for randomly selected 40 subjects, among which 20 were used as atlases and 
the other 20 were used for testing. The automatic segmentation of each 
testing subject was produced by deformable registering its image to each of 
the 20 atlases, followed by simialrity-based local weighting label fusion. 
The automatic segmentation of each atlas was produced by deformable 
registering its image to the remaining 19 atlases, followed by label fusion. 

The files ADNI3T/CV01/testManualListL and ADNI3T/CV01/testAutoListL store 
the file locations of the manual segmentations and automatic segmentations of 
the left side hippocampi for the atlases. The files 
ADNI3T/CV01/trainManualListL and ADNI3T/CV01/trainAutoListL store the file 
locations of the manual segmentations and automatic segmentations of the left 
side hippocampi for the testing subjects. 

Run rundemo.sh in this folder will run training and correction for one subeject
for one cross-validation experiment.


